All right so the time has come for us to be putting some information about the specific user you're
going to be learning a new technique.
Well it's something that we're going to modify a little bit but you've seen this technique or something
similar before using sessions and using queries and all that but right now we're going to be using the
sessions to compare the values and diving into the Querrey.
This is going to be a really good lecture get happy get a cup of coffee or something and is try to do
this right now.
Right.
Let's actually do it not try.
We're going to do it.
So I want you to be in your profile that BHB page and we already have the form there we're going to
go all the way on top where we make this set check right here right.
And we check it for user name right.
So we find the user name we find this session available that we did before we did find the right.
Let's convert it let's make it a variable.
Let's assign this information to a variable.
So right now we are then we recall we are signing the recall value into this variable right here why
we want to do that is because we need to jump in to the query to do a query right.
So let's do a query real quick here before time runs out and we make these very like 20 minutes select.
All right.
The actress and we're going to say from where do best practices by doing all capitol users from users
right.
Where what they do a where statement there say where user name right without column or that right.
It causes value here.
Let's make sure we put single cause here because this is going to be a string.
Now I want you to guess why we're going to be putting here.
You should know that by now because you are my student and you are super good at what you do.
Now you've got it all right.
I knew you'd do it.
Perfect.
Nice job.
If you didn't get it don't worry.
Just keep practicing rewinding the videos.
All right.
So now that we have this now that we're making the square we need to send it in right.
So select user profile and this is just a really long verbal my Esky you lie.
Right.
Kohary is a function that's going to send that.
And then we're going to say connection.
All right.
And the query.
Perfect.
So now that we got this right we're sending that and we get this result right here with this function.
What are we going to do.
We need to go and look to those values.
So let's create a while loop that would be nice for a little while loop here to do our job repeated
stuff over and over again.
All right so we can assign a function that is going to look through all those values called fetcher.
Always have a problem with his name here.
But this time I was able to do it the DCH stuff I don't know if you guys related to that can relate.
So now let's go ahead and
do that right.
So we're going to look through that and we're going to be pulling out some values.
So what are the values that we're going to be pulling out.
Well we have those values somewhere else right.
Let's go ahead and check out if we can see if we can find its value somewhere else instead of copying
all this right.
Let's go to our users your users and see if we can find some of these values there.
Look at that beautiful let's copy all this into your users and go back to profile that's pasted in there.
And I think we're good with them here.
Well we don't have the image yet.
That would probably be in the extra features.
Brian now we know we don't care about that right now.
Well we're putting all these values out.
Perfect.
Now our form has all these values there.
All right
we got this forum right here as a matter of fact.
Right.
All right let's check it out.
Hold on.
Nice.
Look at that.
We're finally pulling out all those values from there.
We're pulling out the use of the first name last name even if it's a subscriber or admen recall the
user name email and even the password you remember the password.
One two three.
So you see this little three dots right there.
That's what it is.
Now we're going to change this link here I'm going to say update profile.
Right.
So let's go all the way down to the form.
And this shows right here say of the profile user of the user or the profile profile is fine.
I'm very indecisive sometimes on what I want to do accomplish right.
All right.
So perfect.
Now remember that we need to actually also do another function here.
Other piece of code is to update the user.
Right now we are just displaying information depending on the user.
So if we go to users in let me just Center this right here.
If we go to all users we've got another user called Reekie.
Let's log in as Reekie into our CMS and let's see if we can pull out that information.
Let's see what Rickie's password is Rick.
One two three.
All right.
Simple enough.
Let's go and log out.
All right we can log in again remember that.
So let's say Rijk or Reekie rake.
And then the password is shreik something Rick 1 2 3 enter.
We are seeing that we being personalized right here and that admin cool right.
Let's go to our profile in our profile has die specific data from the user.
We have the first name Reekie and we can go to our P-H be mad men we can see that first name is Ricky
Ricardo and we have all of their users information.
We can see that a user is an admin.
So if I go here to view all users and I change this to subscriber Oh that's going to actually lugger's
out and I know it's not a subscriber of the user.
Right.
Dan we've got to profile and we can see that this subscriber is right there.
Now the value is there.
So let's let's go back to a again and let's change them to admen right that we continue right there
and let's go back to profiling you can see that that's selected already as admin perfect.
So we got that working on the next lecture here we're gonna to see how we can update this.
And that's it.
All right.
Perfect.
Thank you so much.
Good job.
If you were able to do it congratulate yourself.
Apply yourself.
Get a little while later a little beer or whatever that you like.
Take care.
I see you in the next lecture.
Good job